DOCSUP-5919: Update OPTIMIZE description in docs (#24084)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/optimize.md

If you want to perform deduplication on custom set of columns rather than on all, you can specify list of columns explicitly or use any combination of [`*`](../../sql-reference/statements/select/index.md#asterisk), [`COLUMNS`](../../sql-reference/statements/select/index.md#columns-expression) or [`EXCEPT`](../../sql-reference/statements/select/index.md#except-modifier) expressions. The explictly written or implicitly expanded list of columns must include all columns specified in row ordering expression (both primary and sorting keys) and partitioning expression (partitioning key).

!!! note "Note"

>     Notice that `*` behaves just like in `SELECT`: [`MATERIALIZED`](../../sql-reference/statements/create/table.md#materialized) and [`ALIAS`](../../sql-reference/statements/create/table.md#alias) columns are not used for expansion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Notice that `*` behaves just like in `SELECT`: [MATERIALIZED](../../sql-reference/statements/create/table.md#materialized) and [ALIAS](../../sql-reference/statements/create/table.md#alias) columns are not used for expansion.
```

    Also, it is an error to specify empty list of columns, or write an expression that results in an empty list of columns, or deduplicate by an `ALIAS` column.

**Syntax**

``` sql
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE; -- all columns 
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY *; -- excludes MATERIALIZED and ALIAS columns
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY colX,colY,colZ;
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY * EXCEPT colX;
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY * EXCEPT (colX, colY);
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY COLUMNS('column-matched-by-regex');
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY COLUMNS('column-matched-by-regex') EXCEPT colX;
OPTIMIZE TABLE table DEDUPLICATE BY COLUMNS('column-matched-by-regex') EXCEPT (colX, colY);
```

**Examples**

> 1. Local example on a [`MergeTree`](../../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md) table engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Consider the table:
```

> 1. Local example on a [`MergeTree`](../../engines/table-engines/mergetree-family/mergetree.md) table engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the table:
```

``` sql

> DROP TABLE IF EXISTS dup_example;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> DROP TABLE IF EXISTS dup_example;
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

CREATE TABLE dup_example (
    pk Int32, -- primary key
    sk Int32, -- secondary key
    value UInt32,
    mat UInt32 MATERIALIZED rand(),  -- materialized value
    alias UInt32 ALIAS 2, -- aliased value
    PRIMARY KEY pk
) ENGINE=MergeTree

> ORDER BY (pk, sk);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PARTITION BY pk
ORDER BY (pk, sk);
```

```

> The `MergeTree` engine does not have parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The `MergeTree` engine does not have parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All columns are taken into account, i.e. row is removed only if all values in all columns are equal to corresponding values in previous row.
```

> The `MergeTree` engine does not have parameters.
> 
> **Valid cases**
> 
> In the case below all columns are taken into account, i.e. row is removed only if all values in all columns are equal to corresponding values in another row.
> Here and below we need to add `FINAL` to force deduplication in case of a small set of data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns for deduplication are not specified, so all of them are taken into account. Row is removed only if all values in all columns are equal to corresponding values in previous row:
```

    materialized_value UInt32 MATERIALIZED 12345,
    aliased_value UInt32 ALIAS 2,
    PRIMARY KEY primary_key

> ) ENGINE=MergeTree　

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
) ENGINE=MergeTree
```
